Add disclaimer, close #141 (#142)
itsleeds/tds: index.qmd

A module teaching how to use data science to solve transport problems.

# R or Python?

A common question that arises when starting new digital projects is 'which language should I use?'. 

The answer for most people taking this course will be R, because it is the language we will be teaching in, and the language in which the module team has the most experience.

> You can use Python, and we are working on Python examples, but the support for Python should be considered experimental.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Python, and we are working on Python examples, but the support for Python should be considered work in progress.
```
